README.md, before:

# LuuKhoaHoc | Front-end Developer Portfolio

## 🚀 Công Nghệ Sử Dụng (Tech Stack)

Dự án này được xây dựng dựa trên các công nghệ cốt lõi sau:

- **Framework:** React.js / Next.js
- **Ngôn ngữ:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **Môi trường:** Node.js

## ✨ Các Tính Năng Nổi Bật

- **Thiết kế:** Minimalist, hiện đại và Responsive.
- **Hiệu suất:** Tối ưu hóa SEO và tốc độ tải trang (Next.js features).
- **Dự án:** Tổng hợp các dự án tiêu biểu (có đính kèm link demo/source code).
- **Kinh nghiệm:** Trình bày rõ ràng kinh nghiệm làm việc với Blockchain.

## 🛠️ Hướng Dẫn Cài Đặt (Local Setup)

Để chạy dự án này trên máy tính cục bộ của bạn:

```bash
# 1. Clone repository
git clone https://github.com/LuuKhoaHoc/luukhoahoc.github.io.git
cd luukhoahoc.github.io

# 2. Install dependencies
npm install

# 3. Run development server
npm run dev

# Mở trình duyệt tại http://localhost:3000 để xem kết quả.
```

## 📧 Liên Hệ

Bạn có thể tìm thấy tôi tại:

- **Tên:** Luu Khoa Hoc
- **LinkedIn:** [luukhoahoc/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luukhoahoc/)
- **Email:** [luukhoahoc.work@gmail.com](mailto:luukhoahoc.work@gmail.com)
- **GitHub:** [LuuKhoaHoc](https://github.com/LuuKhoaHoc)

Commit message:

Revise README for language and formatting improvements
Updated README.md to improve language consistency and clarity.

README.md, after:

# LuuKhoaHoc | Front-end Developer Portfolio

## 🚀 Tech Stack

This project is built using the following core technologies:

- **Framework:** React.js / Next.js
- **Language:** TypeScript
- **Styling:** Tailwind CSS
- **Environment:** Node.js

## ✨ Key Features

- **Design:** Minimalist, modern, and Responsive layout.
- **Performance:** Optimized for SEO and page load speed (leveraging Next.js features).
- **Projects:** Collection of featured projects (with demo and source code links).
- **Experience:** Clear presentation of prior experience working with Blockchain technology.

## 🛠️ Local Setup Guide

To run this project on your local machine:

```bash
# 1. Clone repository
git clone [https://github.com/LuuKhoaHoc/luukhoahoc.github.io.git](https://github.com/LuuKhoaHoc/luukhoahoc.github.io.git)
cd luukhoahoc.github.io

# 2. Install dependencies
npm install

# 3. Run development server
npm run dev

# Open your browser at http://localhost:3000 to view the result.
````

## 📧 Contact

You can find me via:

  - **Name:** Luu Khoa Hoc
  - **LinkedIn:** [luukhoahoc/](https://www.linkedin.com/in/luukhoahoc/)
  - **Email:** [luukhoahoc.work@gmail.com](mailto:luukhoahoc.work@gmail.com)
  - **GitHub:** [LuuKhoaHoc](https://github.com/LuuKhoaHoc)


```
